{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This supplemental material accompanies the manuscript: \'93Organizing and analyzing the activity data in NHANES\'94 and contains the R code to reproduce all results presented in the manuscript (including all tables and figures associated with the analysis). When downloaded, the supplemental material will contain three directories:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}code\
{\listtext	\'95	}figures\
{\listtext	\'95	}tables\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Initially, all of these directories except for \'93code\'94 will be empty. The figures and tables directories will be populated as the R code to run the analysis is execute.\
\
There are a number of R scripts in the \'93code\'94 directory. Users should only need to run the script \'93analysis_rnhanesdata_package.R\'94. All other scripts are sourced by this script. The \'93analysis_rnhanesdata_package.R\'94 script itself is heavily commented to walk users through each step of the analysis. In order to run the analysis script, users need only change a single line of code: at line 133 users will need to assign the \'93dir_supplemental\'94 variable to be a character vector indicating the directory where the supplemental material folder is located. Once this has been done, everything else should run smoothly. \
\
The analysis script with print a number of results to the console as well as save two figures (Figures 4 and 5 in the manuscript) and the latex files needed to reproduce four tables (Tables 1, 4, 5, and 6). The names are:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Figures:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Figure 4: First 6 functional principal components - \'93functional_principal_components.jpeg\'94\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Figure 5: Estimated functional coefficient plus illustration of the functional effect using two participants - \'93estimated_functional_coefficient.jpeg\'94\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Tables:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Table 1: Included vs excluded population characteristics, unweights and survey weighted - \'93table1.tex\'94\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Table 4: Cross-validated AUC for all single predictors - \'93table_auc_single_pred.tex\'94\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Table 5: Cross-validated AUC for the full forward prediction procedure - \'93table_auc_forward_pred.tex\'94 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Table 6: Survey weighted regression coefficients plus 95\\% Wald confidence intervals for the odds of 5-year mortality - \'93table_final_regression.tex\'94\
}